Table with batch actions content changes (#1598)
agriculturegovau/agds-next: docs/content/patterns/selectable-table-with-batch-actions/index.mdx

---
title: Selectable tables with batch actions

> description: Selectable tables allow users to select one or more rows simultaneously and perform batch actions against the selected rows. A Batch action is any action that can be performed to every row of a table.

Reviewer: Nitpicking on semantics but "any action that can be performed to every row of a table." is not the same as "against every selectable row" as mentioned below. One suggests all rows in the table, the other suggests all with a checkbox

Reviewer: "Batch" should be lowercase too

Author: Agreed

Author: ```suggestion
description: Selectable tables allow users to select one or more rows simultaneously and perform batch actions against the selected rows. A batch action is any action that can be performed against any selectable row of a table.
```

> description: Selectable tables allow users to select one or more rows simultaneously and perform batch actions against the selected rows. A batch action is any action that can be performed against any selectable row of a table.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
description: Selectable tables allow users to select one or more rows simultaneously and perform batch actions against the selected rows. A batch action is any action that can be performed against more than one selectable table row simultaneously. For example, "delete" makes sense as a batch action, however "edit" does not.
```

## Batch actions

> When a data table has a set of actions that can be performed against every selectable row, those actions can be applied as a batch. Batch actions can increase user efficiency compared to the effort of repeatedly performing the same action across multiple table rows.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When a data table has a set of actions that can be performed against every selectable row, those actions can be applied as a batch. Batch actions can increase user efficiency by allowing an action to be applied to multiple items simultaneously. This is far more efficient than repeatedly applying the same action to multiple table rows one at a time.
```
